Good evening everyone.

Today I'm here to talk to you about the importance of setting and achieving goals. Goals are our motivation and 
inspiration to work hard and achieve the greatest of all of our dreams. Setting and achieving goals helps us to stay
 focused, motivated and organized. It also helps us to develop self-discipline and a strong work ethic.

The first step to setting and achieving goals is to decide what you want to achieve. This can be anything from starting 
a business to getting a promotion at work. Once you have identified what you want to achieve, you need to set yourself 
a timeline and create a plan of action. This plan should be detailed, realistic and achievable. It should also include short-term 
and long-term goals that you can work towards.

Setting and achieving goals is also important because it gives you a sense of purpose and direction. It gives you a reason to 
get up in the morning and work hard towards something that you really want. It also helps you to stay focused, stay motivated
 and stay organized. When you have a clear plan of action and a timeline in place, it is easier to stay on track and stay motivated.

while talking about setting and achieving goals, I remember my friend, i need to mention him here. His name is mitun and he 
will always be focused and organized. for example, some of his achievements, he is the winner of  smart india hackathon 2022 and 
he is the third runnerup of ideathon 2022. There is a interesting story between us,when we were at 10th std he used say me that,
"Note my words i will be the ceo of google one day", after hearing it i will make fun of him. And now google is providing a cloud 
program workshop in his college. And for that he is taking the seminar in representing the google.

So Setting and achieving goals is also important because it helps to build your self-confidence. When you set goals and achieve 
them, it gives you a sense of accomplishment and pride. It boosts your self-esteem and helps you to believe in yourself and 
your abilities.

Finally, setting and achieving goals is important because it helps to prepare you for the future. When you set goals and achieve 
them, it gives you the confidence and the skills to take on bigger and better challenges in the future. It also helps to create a 
sense of discipline and a strong work ethic that will serve you well in all areas of life.

So, as you can see, setting and achieving goals is an important part of life. It helps to keep us focused, motivated and organized. 
It also helps to increase our self-confidence and prepares us for the future.

Thank you ...